docs: update CI/CD integrations (#604)
infracost/docs: docs/integrations/cicd.mdx

      link: "https://bitbucket.org/infracost/infracost-bitbucket-pipeline/src/master/",
      newWindow: true
    },
]}/>

<br/>

> For other CI/CD systems, the GitLab CI integration above is a good example to follow. Please [email us](mailto:hello@infracost.io) if you need help. We main the [`infracost/infracost:ci-0.10`](https://hub.docker.com/r/infracost/infracost/tags) Docker image that can be used in other CI/CD integrations. This uses latest patch version of 0.10 to pickup bug fixes and new resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other CI/CD systems, the GitLab CI integration above is a good example to follow. Please [email us](mailto:hello@infracost.io) if you need help. We maintain the [`infracost/infracost:ci-0.10`](https://hub.docker.com/r/infracost/infracost/tags) Docker image that can be used in other CI/CD integrations. This uses the latest patch version of 0.10 to pick up bug fixes and new resources.
```
